[ANNOUNCER A]
Early this morning,
the JMDF secured a small
Navy‐affiliated USNA vessel
in Japan's offshore territory.
Apparently, it had begun
drifting because it sustained
a stalled engine,
but a high‐ranking
military attache at the
USNA's Tokyo embassy
was aboard the ship, so the
JMDF is currently verifying
all the facts with
the USNA military.
At least we know it didn't
run afoul of bad weather.
Maybe the issue first stemmed
from their power source.
With how far automation's come,
a simple human error
wouldn't have caused them
to lose their steering.
Yes, good point.
That makes a lot of sense.
[TATSUYA]
It's a country's regular army.
Even assuming our aunt
issued a direct order,
this was too rash a response.
Which clearly means, by the
time I finally contacted her,
their forces were
already locked in position.
Well, I'm going to
put on my uniform.
Sure, I'll still be here.
[MIYUKI]
I feel so guilty...
Aunt Maya already called to
tell me the news earlier.
And yet,
I pretended to be completely
ignorant of the situation.
[exhales]
[MIYUKI] But I don't care
if he thinks of me
as a useless sister,
if that's what it's going to
take to keep him at my side.
'Cause if it's decided that
I can do my job independently,
as leader of the Yotsuba,
he might leave me, and one of
my worst fears will be realized.
Eventually, I'm going to have to
get married to someone, as well.
They'll expect me
to have children.
All of that... is required for
a Yotsuba leader candidate.
[MIYUKI]
But... it's not what I want.
[MIYUKI] There's absolutely no
one else I want to touch me
but Brother.
[MIYUKI]
And that's because...
...the only one I will ever
belong to, body and soul...
...is him.
♪
[TATSUYA]
Pixie. Cancel suspend mode.
[PIXIE]
What do you require of me?
I have very specific
questions for you
about all the
vampire incidents.
Now, first off, regarding the
victims' massive blood loss.
Were the parasites
responsible for that?
[PIXIE]
Yes.
[TATSUYA] Hm... Why was blood
from a living person needed?
[PIXIE] Blood loss was
in fact not our intent,
merely a side effect of
mistaken propagation.
Said propagation process
initiates by severing one part
of ourselves and fusing
it into a recipient.
The separate body spreads
through the blood vessels
while absorbing
Psions and Pushions
present in the bloodstream.
It permeates the recipient's
physical body,
by supplanting their
blood with itself.
[TATSUYA] Wait. That means
you're bodies of information.
You don't have actual mass.
What happens to the blood
plasma once it's exchanged?
[PIXIE] It is used, to modify
their body during assimilation.
Should assimilation fail,
the separate body is
subsequently released
from the host form
as pure vitality.
[TATSUYA]
So that's how it works...
[PIXIE] Should permeation
of the body succeed,
we can control its
ethereal form.
An interplay between both
physical and data bodies
The same basic rule of magic.
[PIXIE] If we can access and
merge with the recipient's
mental hub through
their ethereal body,
our propagation succeeds.
Unfortunately, this has
not yet occurred.
[TATSUYA]
Why not?
[PIXIE]
Unknown.
I wanted to know this as well.
For some reason, the idea
alone yet remains within me.
[TATSUYA]
Before you inhabited that body,
you all appeared to move
as a cohesive group,
With a common objective
in your sights.
That makes me wonder...
Has one of you been designated
a leadership position?
[PIXIE] There exists no
formal command structure
among the collective.
Strictly speaking,
each one of us
is not technically an
autonomous individual.
We are both individuals,
and the whole.
We are able to
think individually,
but our consciousness is shared.
[TATSUYA] Is that also how you
communicate with each other?
[PIXIE]
Yes.
So, where are the other
parasites right now?
[PIXIE]
Current Whereabouts unknown.
However, I can still sense their
thought waves searching for me.
[PARASITE B]
We have finally awoken.
[PARASITE K] Chinese necromancy
is certainly something.
[PARASITE F] Then even if
our flesh is destroyed,
we can quickly resume
our undertakings.
[PARASITE G] Now we need to
bring back the one missing.
[PARASITE H] Let us take
back our missing comrade.
[PARASITES] Let us search
for our missing comrade.
Here, Pixie. I want
you to put this on.
[PIXIE]
At once, sir.
[MIYUKI, HONOKA gasp]
[MIYUKI grunts]
[HONOKA gasps]
[MIYUKI]
Brother!
[TATSUYA]
Hm?
How can you watch that
without even batting an eye?!
What's the problem?
Miyuki, she's a robot, rememb‐‐
Be that as it may,
she's still a girl, y'know!
Well, she is modeled
like a human‐‐
[MIYUKI]
It's not right!
Please, Brother.
Just turn around!
[HONOKA] Okay, Tatsuya,
She's decent now.
[MIYUKI, HONOKA sigh]
Pixie, come with us.
[PIXIE]
Yes, master.
[MIYUKI] Um, Brother, where are
we going at such a late hour?
Aoyama Cemetery.
What could we be doing there?
I can't imagine it's
for something like...
...an off‐season
test of courage.
If I had to guess,
is it that ghosts tend to
appear in such places?
You sure catch on fast.
I'm sure we won't
get disturbed there.
Well, at any rate, it was all
your clever idea, Brother.
[TATSUYA, MIYUKI chuckle]
Um, wait, Tatsuya.
Are you positive it won't
be closed when we get there?
It's so late.
I highly doubt we'll
be able to get inside.
But if we get close
enough to it,
they'll come out for us.
Which is why we
brought Pixie along.
And if anyone stops us
and gets a bit nosy,
you're here to do something
about it, right?
[HONOKA gasps]
I won't let you down!
I'll let Leo, Erika,
and Mikihiko know
where we're heading to, as well.
[phone buzzes]
[ERIKA gasps]
So that's where
they ended up, huh?
[ERIKA] The mission begins now.
Destination: Aoyama Cemetery.
Let's move.
[DOJO MEMBERS]
Yes, ma'am!
[BALANCE]
That was an utter failure...
[grunts]
[knocking]
[BALANCE]
Mm?
[OFFICER A]
Excuse me, ma'am.
[BALANCE]
Enter.
Colonel Balance,
someone arrived requesting
to meet with you.
[BALANCE]
Who is it?
Her name is Ayako Kuroba.
She says the Yotsuba
family sent her.
Yotsuba?
[BALANCE] The family known
and feared as "Untouchables."
What do they want with me?
[AYAKO] It's an honor to finally
meet you, Miss Balance, Ma'am.
As you now know,
I am Ayako Kuroba.
A pleasure to meet you.
USNA's Colonel Virginia
Balance JCS forces.
Thank you kindly for
agreeing to meet with me
in regards to a
delicate situation.
I've come here today
to make a request
as an agent of Maya Yotsuba,
head of the Yotsuba family,
one of the Ten Master Clans.
Yes, I'm listening.
[AYAKO]
Excellent! I'll continue.
We would appreciate it, Colonel,
if the obstruction of our
country's magicians,
fulfilled at your command,
would cease.
[gasps]
Our esteemed leader,
Maya Yotsuba,
has concerns over your grossly
excessive interference.
She said that since our nations
are allied with one another,
she did not want to turn
this affair into a trigger
for any sort of conflict.
I see. Is that a warning?
Will you pull the trigger
if we don't withdraw?
[AYAKO giggles]
Colonel, how did you
sleep last night?
did you have trouble?
[gasps]
What the‐‐ Wait, that was you?!
Why, whatever do you mean?
Respectfully, Colonel,
you don't look well,
so I was offering my
concern for your health.
I assure you that I did not
mean to offend you in any way.
Now, please.
Allow your nerves to settle
so we can discuss this.
[AYAKO] If at all possible,
our purest intention
is to build a friendly working
relationship with you.
Just how friendly
are we talking?
Surely by this point,
you're well aware of the
great power Yotsuba holds.
And in the same respect,
we are fully informed
of your power as well.
Our leader says that if
you would soon arrange
to withdraw from
this incident, Colonel,
she promises certain gratitude
is owed to you, personally.
She cannot make
that any clearer.
If there is an opportunity
in the future,
we would be willing
and able to assist you.
Yes, fine.
[MEMBER A] Observation target
approaching the city.
Sister and two others with him.
Running photo verification
ID before the train.
That's a classmate of theirs.
Peculiar taste,
bringing his sister along
on a date like that.
Who's the other one?
[MEMBER A] Ah, her.
She's not actually human.
It seems to be a type P‐94
Humanoid Home Helper.
They're pretty far
from home right now,
so where could he
be bringing it?
Hey, Chief,
the train the target's riding
on just now changed course.
[CHIEF A]
Akasaka... No‐‐Aoyama?
Station operatives in police
uniform along Aoyama Road!
If the target group
tries to use magic,
pretend to arrest them
and bring 'em in!
[gasps]
Brother, what's wrong?
You hear something?
Someone is spying on us.
[TATSUYA]
I'm pretty positive it's...
...Counterintelligence
Section Three.
[gasps]
Hm!
‐‐[beeping]
‐‐[AGENTS gasp]
Wh‐What kind of
signal is this?
[AGENTS gasp, shout]
[grunts]
Hey, Tatsuya!
You don't have to worry about
those guys watching us,
because I just put
them all to sleep!
[TATSUYA]
Hm! Nice work, Honoka.
I'm sure they've got some
friends right behind them,
so let's get out of here.
[HONOKA giggles]
[FUJIBAYASHI sighs]
What a troublesome young lady...
[KUDOU]
But what remarkable skill, too,
taking down four foes at once.
Her name is Honoka Mitsui,
if I'm not mistaken?
[FUJIBAYASHI]
That's right, Grandfather.
Intriguing.
Taking into consideration
her family name and
specialty magic type,
I wonder if she's part of the
Elements bloodline of light.
[PIXIE] Master, three parasites
are approaching us.
[TATSUYA]
So they did show up.
[grunts]
Tatsuya Shiba,
we would like to talk.
[TATSUYA] To make things easier,
what should I call you?
Marte.
[TATSUYA]
Alright, Mister Marte.
What do you want?
Well, you see, we demons
have no further intent
to engage in any hostile
actions toward you,
the magicians of Japan.
In exchange for promising
to end hostilities
towards you and your friends,
we demand that you turn that
robot over to us immediately.
[TATSUYA]
Hmph.
Perhaps you should try
being a little more polite.
I'm afraid I can't
agree to that.
If you want me to
hand it over to you,
then you need to give me a
good enough reason to do so.
I didn't think explanation
was necessary.
In fact, there's really
no reason for you all
to act in that robot's defense.
I think we're the ones
who get to decide that.
Our comrade is currently
imprisoned inside
this automaton, and we
desire they be released.
Are they not allowed
a robot as a host?
Our mutual connections
are much stronger
and more powerful than
those of you humans.
Is the fact that we only want
to retrieve our comrade,
a living creature,
one with infinite purpose,
out of an ultimately cold
and lifeless vessel
something that's
difficult for you
to get through
that head of yours?
No, I understand you.
But how will you do it?
We will destroy the machine.
Should the current host
be lost in process,
we can easily move to a new
one without making a fuss.
Ah, well, then.
That's his offer, Pixie.
What say you?
Do you wish to be
released from this body
and given to them?
[PIXIE]
No, I don't!
I am me, no one else.
My wish is to belong only
to you henceforth, Master.
That is who I am!
I have no interest anymore
in what original form
I took prior to
inhabiting this husk,
even less so where I
first received the wish
that constituted my core!
Please! I do not want
to stop being me!
Well, that's what she says.
Guess that's it, Brother.
Definitely.
Anyway, I'll wager you're
intuitive enough
to figure out what our
answer will be already,
but before I spell
it out for you,
I have a few more questions.
You have proven
to be more foolish
than we assumed, Tatsuya Shiba.
How disappointing.
Fine, then.
Ask your trivial questions,
if you must.
Earlier, you said you
had no intention
of engaging in hostilities
against magicians, correct?
So, why wasn't it
against people,
instead of against magicians?
If we had accepted
your request,
you demons wouldn't show
aggression toward us.
How would you act toward
non‐magician people?
[TATSUYA]
After you destroy Pixie's body,
what vessel would you
force her to inhabit next?
Answer me.
[chuckles]
You possess only
superficial cunning,
that requires no
actual intellect.
[HONOKA, MIYUKI gasp]
[MARTE] We're saying we renounce
our rancor towards you.
Is that alone not a
satisfactory offer?
We demons are
incompatible with humans,
tantamount to how magicians are
different from other people.
[MARTE]
Am I wrong? Try and prove it.
Really?
My host was a
magician as well.
And that is why I understand
the appalling way humans
dare to treat magicians.
To humans, they're nothing
more than tools,
lab rats and objects.
A magician's wishes are
too trifling for humans.
These people think of nothing
more than using you
and then discarding you,
yet you continue to help them.
Surely you must have
your own wishes,
your own goals, your own
hopes and purpose.
Don't you, Shiba?
[TATSUYA grunts]
[TATSUYA] You're even more
predictable than I thought.
[MARTE]
Hm?
[TATSUYA] For someone who
just treated me like an idiot,
you're pretty dumb, huh?
[MARTE growls]
[TATSUYA] Okay, you say you
won't harm magicians anymore.
That's fine. It really is.
But, you've already hurt many
of my magician friends,
some of them quite severely.
So why should I believe you
won't hurt any more of them
when you haven't yet uttered
a single word of apology
for the damage you've done?
It's no different from the tired
catchphrases proclaiming to
"protect a magician's
human rights."
You know, it only
just dawned on me.
I never gave you my answer.
Are you ready? 'Cause it's no.
[MARTE grunts]
You impudent little‐‐
So easy to understand.
Well, then. Allow me to
make it easy for you. too.
Put down your weapons
and surrender peacefully.
If you do, we won't
have to hurt you.
I guarantee you'll all
be happy, busy little lab rats.
That's it, you miserable
human cur!
[TATSUYA]
Magic activation starting...
But...
[gasps]
What?!
[MARTE groans]
[TATSUYA] If I destroy
his physical body,
the parasite will scatter
to seek a different host.
If I had Miyuki freeze
him with magic,
he would self‐destruct
and escape.
The parasites possess no organs,
but instead seize
the host's mind.
Which means...
that there's no real reason
to strike one particular part
of the body over any other one.
Therefore, it's best
to strike at the spot
most deeply connected
to the rest of the body.
[groans]
Look out, Brother!
[PARASITE B shouts]
[PARASITE B grunts]
[groans]
[TATSUYA gasps]
Honoka!
Don't worry, I'm fine!
[HONOKA]
Because after all...
...I want to make totally
sure I can help Tatsuya, too!
[PIXIE gasps]
[gasps]
[shouts]
[HONOKA gasps]
[PARASITE A shouts]
Wait a minute, that's‐‐
[PARASITE B groans]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[PARASITE B yells]
[HONOKA whimpers]
♪